####How can you use Chrome's DevTools inspector to help you format or position elements?
  The "inspect element" tool in chrome is very useful for quickly changing around styling and html to see how it will appear in the browser in real
  time. While these changes will not take effect unless they are changed in the actual documents, it is very useful to be able to make small adjustments in alignment or size visually and not only in the code. I realized you can even go into a particular css property and scroll up or down to change the sizes, attributes, and alignments quickly to compare and contrast them.

####How can you resize elements on the DOM using CSS?
  Elements can be resized using several different units of measurement in CSS. the px, or pixel unit is a fixed measure defined by the size of an actual screen pixel(or at least some standard that is agreed upon to be a pixel) while an em, which represents the width of a capital letter "M" in the given font size for the site, is a more relative unit. 2em for example would be two times the default font size for the page, which is usually set to 16pt. The size of a box can also be defined as a percentage of its parent element or of the whole screen.

####What are the differences between Absolute, Fixed, Static, and Relative positioning? Which did you find easiest to use? Which was most difficult?
  Static positioning is the default property for html elements. Static positioned elements are not affected by directional properties like top, bottom, left, or right. They are simply positioned according to the normal flow of teh page and are therefore determined more by the html than by the css. Absolute positioned elements are placed relative to the nearest positioned ancestor or to the document body if no positioned ancestors are present. Fixed position elements are positioned relative to the viewport so that it will always be on the viewers screen and will remain in the same part of the screen even if the viewer scrolls vertically or horizontally. Relative positioned elements are positioned relative to their normal position, meaning they can be adjusted using the directional properties top, bottom, left, and right.

####What are the differences between Margin, Border, and Padding?
  If we imagine that the content of an html element is surrounded by a box, the margin, padding, and border attributes affect where the content is placed within the box, where the box fits relative to other boxes and how the edges of the box itself look. Padding clears a transparetn area around the content but inside the box. Borders go around the content and the padding and can be set to any color and thickness as well as various different styles. Margin clears an area outside of the border. This area is also transparent and will affect the positioning of other box elements adjacent to, above, or below it.

####What was your impression of this challenge overall? (love, hate, and why?)
  This challenge was helpful and entertaining. It was refreshing to be able to see the changes that we made in the inspector devtool take effect instantly in the browser. This seems like a very valuable tool for playing around with styling without the risk of changing your entire css file.