####Paste a link to your [USERNAME].github.io repository.
  Here's the repository:
  https://github.com/dandersen2/dandersen2.github.io

  And here's the site: testing
  https://dandersen2.github.io/

####Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person.
  To creat a repo on GitHub, first click on the "+" icon in the top right corner of any page within the GitHub site once you're signed in. Select "New Repository" and create a name for you new repo. At this time you can also add a description of the repo, choose whetther to make it public or private, add a README file to it, and choose a license. Once you have configured your repo, click "Create Repository" to create it. 

  To clone this repo to your computer and to be able to access it and make changes to it remotely you will need to make sure you are in the repo on GitHub. In the bottom right, you will see a small window that says HTTPS clone URL. Copy this address and open up git on your computer. Navigate to the directory where you want to place this repo using cd (change directory), or mkdir (to make a new directory) and inside that directory type "git clone" followed by a space and the pasted address. Hit enter and your repo will be cloned to your local computer. 

####Describe what open source means.
  Open source means that the source code,of a particular program is open to the public. It can be accessed freely, copied, and edited free of charge. Users can submit changes that they have made, and if the creators approve of the new code it can be added to the master code. If you want to make a new function just for your own personal use though, you can do that because you have access to the program as well as the code that runs it. Normally, companies do not make their code open source, because then they cannot make people pay to have access to it. When you purchase software that is not open source, you only have access to the program, which only a computer can interpret. You can not go in and edit the code in any way. 

####What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
  I feel like Open Source serves an important purpose in the market. It allows people, particularly programmers, to collaborate with others to harvest more collective creativity and innovative ideas. This will hopefully bring about a better and more useful product for the end-user. The down side is that it is harder to profit from your hard work when you allow everyone free acces to it. Although their are ways to do this also, such as selling extra services or features.As a programmer I might be nervous about making a piece of code open source because I would be worried that someone might take my idea and make it into their own private software and make money off of it, but that's where licensing comes in (see next question). All in all, I'd say Open Source is pretty awesome.

####Assess the importance of using licenses.
  Licensing essentially allows a developer to limit the way in which people use their intellectual property. Without a license your work either becomes part of the public domain or you have to grant permissions individually to everyone who wants to use it. In the public domain, anyone can do just about anything they want with it without even giving you credit. Licensing your work will provide others with particular permissions to use that work and in some cases require that you be listed as the original creator. The extent of the permissions varies based on the type of license you use. Some allow for others to do anything they want with the work, and even sell it, while others require that the work is not modified but may be used and distributed. Licenses are very important for protectinig your rights as a knowledge worker and choosing the correct one for the type of work you are doing can protect you from a lot of problems in the future.

####What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
  Going through this challenge helped to solidify the process of creating a repo, cloning it, adding a file, making changes, staging the changes, committing those changes to the repo, pushing to the origin, creating the pull request, pulling the changes, and merging them into the master. While doing the tracking-changes-reflection, learning and doing each step of this rather complicated process was very spread out so by the time I got to the end, I had basically forgotten where I had started. repeating the process all in one sitting was very helpful in clarifying tha basic flow.

####Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
  The resources listed in the assignment were all that I needed to complete this task and the reflection. This slideshow however, http://www.slideshare.net/CodeMontage/writespeakcode-open-source-licenses, was humorous, but not very helpful or informative in my opinion. This one might be better: http://www.cioinsight.com/it-strategy/infrastructure/slideshows/five-pros-and-five-cons-of-open-source-software