## Thinking About Time Reflection
The overarching theme that I sensed when watching these videos and reading the articles is that awareness is key to the productive individual. If one wants to accomplish a lot and do so in an efficient manner, it seems integral that they first examine the way that they currently do things. Becoming more "mindful" or aware of how you spend your time and why you do so, can lead to the insights that allow for change and improvement in these areas. Currently, (and historically, I suppose) I sit down to work and do my best to focus on the problem at hand. I hardly ever track how long I have worked in one particular session or look back to examine how productive that session actually was. By setting a fixed amount of time, or a timebox, to dedicate to a project and then sticking to that amount of time I can accomplish several things. First, I can gain a better idea of how productive I actually am on a regular basis, which will give me a baseline to measure my improvements against. Second, I can practice the art of focusing and try to increase the amount of time that I can stay focused for, as Charles Duhigg suggests. Third, I can become more aware of when I am most and least productive based on various factors such as time of day, the environment I'm in, the music I listen to, or even the food that I've eaten that day. By making this a quantitative exercise, I can then gradually tweak things over time to maximize my output for the same amount of effort that I input. I can also expose my own weakness by noticing when I have an urge to stop working or use a distraction to avoid doing work. These are most likely natural impulses that are programmed through evolution into our "lizard brains", or the most primitive instincts that we have. Breaking out of our habitual routine, doing things that are new, complex, and difficult, or engaging with ideas that are innovative, can all signal danger or fear in the baser regions of our minds and signal us to sabotage ourselves and our work in order to maintain what is known to be safe, or the status quo. Becoming more aware that all of these processes influence my daily actions will hopefully lead to gaining more control over them, and maximizing the amount of goals that I can achieve.

I plan to take my current work habits and routines and supplement them with the ideas mentioned above to slowly and deliberately find what works best for my personality, mindset, and schedule. By implementing BJ Fogg's concept of tiny habits, I should be able to change how I work gradually but permanently for the better. By attaching a meditation habit for example, to my morning showering habit, I can lock in this technique little by little until it is a fixture of my schedule just like showering or brushing my teeth, or eating. I currently already use the pomodoro method when working at the computer to remind me to stand up every once in awhile to keep my back from hurting. Perhaps by implementing Csikszentmihlyi's 9 elements of productive flow, I can make each 25 minute session slightly more productive by getting back into flow quicker and maintaining it for longer. I think that taking a multi-faceted approach, using several of these techniques and recording and tracking their effectiveness, will allow me to develop a better overall working/learning strategy.


## The Command Line Reflection
1. A shell is a user interface that uses the command line to accept commands, process information, and then output the result. Bash is a particular command line prompt that uses Unix. 

2. The most difficult part of this exercise was remembering the different commands while also trying to interpret the flow of the program when using redirects and pipes. I need to get a better handle on the commands before getting into more complex functions.

3. The right to left redirection command did not work, because this is apparently not a usable command in Powershell on Windows.

4. The 'help' command seems to me to be the most important as it can show you what all of the others mean, but this is also not included in Powershell. The cd, cp, mv, ls, and pwd commands seem to be the most commonly used so far.

5. Print working directory, list, move, change directory, parent directory, makes an empty file (New-Item on Windows), make directory, view a file (more in Windows?), remove directory, remove file, opens the manual page (not available in Powershell).


## Forking and Cloning Reflection
To create a new repo, you need to go to your GitHUb profile page, click on the "+" sign in the upper right hand corner and then choose a name, the permissions, and the license type for this repo and press the "Create Repository" button. To fork a repo, you go into the repo's directory in GitHub and press the "fork" button. Then you select where you want to fork the repository to. To clone a repo, you go into that repo on GitHub and copy the HTTPS clone URL in the bottom right. Next, within Git you should navigate to the directory where you want the clone to be and type "git clone" followed by the address that you previously copied and hit enter. This will clone the repo to your remote system. By forking a repo, as opposed to creating a new one, you gain access to all the subfolders and files in that directory as well as having the ability to later merge your changes into the master branch. 

I had a few problems with navigating around in git and getting used to not being able to physically "see" where I am on the computer with anything other than the text. I alos had trouble open sublime from within git using the "subl ." command. I assumed this was a previously created user configuration but I could not manage to get my config set up properly in Windows so I had to open Sublime separately and navigate to the folder there. In doing this though, I've memorized several of the shell commands and gotten more adept at moving around between and within directories using the 'cd', 'pwd', and 'ls' commands.

testing to see if git sees modifications...

new change at 2:39 pm Monday October 5, 2015
